---
type: daily
date: "2026-07-20"
workout: false
woke_early: false
slept_early: false
supplements: false
read_book: false
journaled: false
skincare_am: false
skincare_pm: false
no_doom_scroll: false
---

## 🗯️ Thoughts
Scolded father for his carelessness. He does this very often, he decided to override what is told to him for his own benifits again. His Docter removed parken from his prescription but he still continued taking it and was asking me today if he should continue that or not. Medicine was removed on 9th July, today is 20th july. I asked if he was aware that this medicine is removed or not. All his responses were ambiguous, misleading that yes, no, pata nahi.. He would have gotten out of this situation long ago but his actions don't let him. The doctor considers that the patient is taking things as mentioned in the prescription and in the next session he adjusts those accordingly. This can no longer work in favour of the patient if patient lies. Same goes for the things I has asked of him, I have given him a book which we both found together in one of the interview video of alan gordan. People mentioned their stories in the comments that it did help them change their perspective and help get over the chronic pain. it's going to be a week and he hasn't completed a chapter. He has now made dependency on external factors for getting his motivation or showing him the way. This is not sustainable, ever time we have to pull him out of that zone. He has all the knowledge, he is aware about the sciences behind all his issues, but doesn't think on himself, we have to show him things again and again. If it was dementia or some kind of problem then we can understand but here hys does not put efforts. I will stop babysitting him from now on and will scold others who will. He has to relearn to take ownership and responsibility and not rely on external things. When I had a fracture they told me to do physiotherapy very often, i was the one neglecting responsibility at that time and it tool me a long time to fix the knee.


Just remember Aasia and I used to have a lot of conversations couple of years back. There was one of his friend from pune who shifted back to delhi due to some family related stuff. I wonder if she and he still talk sometimes. The reason for wondering this is to understand whom do we let go? I know they used to have a lot of fun and a lot of good memories, but it lasted for only 1 or 2 years. But we know each of ther for 7 years now. Couple of days back she messaged me to ask about laptop she should buy. In one more conversation she asked me is I am planning any trip outside india and if she could join. Before that she went on a trip with cousin, but this time her cousin is not coming . We don't even start with Hi/Hello, directly mudda is the starting point of the conversation 

## 📋 Tasks

- [ ] 

## 📩 Notes

- 